Percentage guidelines (#50)
NewDayTechnology/API-Design: guidelines/CommonDataTypes.md

}
```

### Percent values

* Services **MUST** represent percentages as a number, where the number represents the decimal representation of the percentage. For example, `0.01` represents `1%`.

> * Services **SHOULD** provide a human-readable version of the percentage

Reviewer: `Should` they really do that?
Maybe `could` based on context, like in a BFF 

something like:
```suggestion
* Services **COULD** provide a human-readable version of the percentage, if appropriate in the context of the API, clearly identifying the field with a suffix (e.g. `Percentage`, `AsPercent`, `DisplayPercent`)
```

Should we settle on the suffix? I fill in general we are quite permissive right now in these guidelines.

Reviewer: hey @jamiec-nd , what do you think about the above comment?

Author: @alefranz  I agree, and toyed with using the terminology `MAY` but `COULD` works for me too

> * Services **COULD** provide a human-readable version of the percentage, if appropriate in the context of the API, clearly identifying the field with a suffix (e.g. `Percentage`, `AsPercent`, `DisplayPercent`)

Reviewer 2: Is it worth just picking one so we don't have many permutations here? We're basically saying "percentage is important enough that we kinda have a type to represent it"

Examples

```json
{
    "interestRate": 0.0143
}
```

```json
{
    "subsidy": 0.02,

>     "subsidyDisplay": "2%"

Reviewer: I'm not sold about this one. Feels like it should be the UI in control on how to render it, like with or without space.
i.e. I think according to the International System of Units it should have a space.

Would it be more flexible to have `"subsidyPercentage": 2`?

I guess in terms of what APIs should do maybe we should add more information on context. As In a Backend/Domain API should use decimal, a BFF or API Gateway could use a percentage if that is more appropriate

Author: Updated
